README.md, before:

# DomaPulse

A Telegram bot for real-time domain alerts on the Doma Protocol blockchain. Stay updated with on-chain domain events like registrations, expirations, and transfers.

## Description

DomaPulse is a Telegram bot that monitors the Doma Protocol smart contracts for domain-related events. Users can subscribe to specific domains and receive instant notifications when events occur. This is particularly useful for domain investors, registrars, and anyone interested in tracking domain activity on the Doma blockchain.

## Features

- **Real-time Event Monitoring**: Listens to DomainRegistered, DomainExpired, and DomainTransferred events from Doma Protocol contracts.
- **User Subscriptions**: Subscribe/unsubscribe to specific domains using simple Telegram commands.
- **Personalized Alerts**: Only receive notifications for domains you're interested in.
- **Doma Marketplace Integration**: Event alerts include clickable links to view domains on the Doma Marketplace.
- **Simulated Events**: Test the bot with simulated domain events using the /simulate command.
- **Bot Status**: Check bot health and RPC connection status.
- **Easy Commands**: Intuitive command interface with help menu.

## Technologies Used

- **Node.js**: Runtime environment for the bot.
- **Telegraf**: Modern Telegram Bot API framework for Node.js.
- **ethers.js**: Library for interacting with the Ethereum/Doma blockchain.
- **dotenv**: For managing environment variables.
- **JSON**: Lightweight data storage for user subscriptions.

## Category

This project belongs to the **Web3 / Blockchain** category, specifically focusing on decentralized domain name services (DNS) and real-time blockchain event monitoring.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/doma-alerts-bot.git
   cd doma-alerts-bot
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   cd bot
   npm install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:
   - Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
   - Fill in your Telegram Bot Token and Doma RPC URL

4. Start the bot:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## Usage

1. Start a chat with your bot on Telegram by searching for your bot's username.
2. Use `/start` to receive a welcome message introducing the bot, its purpose, and a link to learn more about Doma Protocol.
3. Use `/help` to see a list of all available commands along with brief descriptions.
4. Subscribe to a domain by typing `/subscribe example.dom`. Replace `example.dom` with the domain you want to monitor.
5. Check your current subscriptions with `/list`. This will display all domains you are subscribed to.
6. Get the bot's current status and RPC connection info by using `/status`.
7. Unsubscribe from a domain with `/unsubscribe example.dom` to stop receiving alerts for that domain.

## Commands

- `/start` - Sends a welcome message introducing the bot, its purpose, and a link to learn more about Doma Protocol.
- `/help` - Displays a help menu listing all available commands and their usage.
- `/subscribe <domain>` - Adds the specified domain to your subscription list to receive alerts.
- `/unsubscribe <domain>` - Removes the specified domain from your subscription list.
- `/list` - Shows all domains you are currently subscribed to.
- `/status` - Provides the bot's health status, including RPC chain ID and number of active subscriptions.
- `/simulate [domain]` - Simulates fake domain events for testing (default: test.dom).

## Environment Variables

The bot requires the following environment variables to be set in a `.env` file at the root of the `bot` directory:

- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Your Telegram bot token obtained from BotFather.
- `DOMA_RPC_URL`: The RPC URL endpoint for connecting to the Doma Protocol blockchain.
- `TEST_CHAT_ID` (optional): A Telegram chat ID used for testing block notifications.

## Subscription Storage

User subscriptions are stored in a JSON file (`subscriptions.json`) located in the `bot` directory. This file keeps track of which users are subscribed to which domains. The bot reads from and writes to this file to manage subscriptions.

## Event Listening and Notifications

The bot listens to on-chain events from the Doma Protocol smart contracts, specifically:

- `DomainRegistered`
- `DomainExpired`
- `DomainTransferred`

When one of these events occurs, the bot sends a Telegram alert message to all users subscribed to the affected domain. Each alert includes:
- Event details (domain, owner, transaction hash, etc.)
- A clickable link to view the transaction on the Doma Explorer
- Clickable links to view the domain on the Doma Marketplace (both full URL and shortened domain)

The `/simulate` command can be used to test the alert format with fake events.

## Development and Contribution

To contribute to the project:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear messages.
4. Push your branch and open a Pull Request.

Please ensure your code follows the existing style and includes appropriate documentation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Prepare DomaPulse for Railway deployment

README.md, after:

# DomaPulse

A Telegram bot for real-time domain alerts on the Doma Protocol blockchain. Stay updated with on-chain domain events like registrations, expirations, and transfers.

## Description

DomaPulse is a Telegram bot that monitors the Doma Protocol smart contracts for domain-related events. Users can subscribe to specific domains and receive instant notifications when events occur. This is particularly useful for domain investors, registrars, and anyone interested in tracking domain activity on the Doma blockchain.

## Features

- **Real-time Event Monitoring**: Listens to DomainRegistered, DomainExpired, and DomainTransferred events from Doma Protocol contracts.
- **User Subscriptions**: Subscribe/unsubscribe to specific domains using simple Telegram commands.
- **Personalized Alerts**: Only receive notifications for domains you're interested in.
- **Doma Marketplace Integration**: Event alerts include clickable links to view domains on the Doma Marketplace.
- **Simulated Events**: Test the bot with simulated domain events using the /simulate command.
- **Bot Status**: Check bot health and RPC connection status.
- **Easy Commands**: Intuitive command interface with help menu.

## Technologies Used

- **Node.js**: Runtime environment for the bot.
- **Telegraf**: Modern Telegram Bot API framework for Node.js.
- **ethers.js**: Library for interacting with the Ethereum/Doma blockchain.
- **dotenv**: For managing environment variables.
- **JSON**: Lightweight data storage for user subscriptions.

## Category

This project belongs to the **Web3 / Blockchain** category, specifically focusing on decentralized domain name services (DNS) and real-time blockchain event monitoring.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/doma-alerts-bot.git
   cd doma-alerts-bot
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   cd bot
   npm install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:
   - Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
   - Fill in your Telegram Bot Token and Doma RPC URL

4. Start the bot:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## Deployment

This bot can be deployed to Railway for 24/7 operation.

### Railway Deployment

1. Go to [Railway.app](https://railway.app) and create a new project.
2. Link your GitHub repository containing this project.
3. Railway will automatically detect the `railway.json` config and deploy the bot.
4. In the Railway dashboard, add the following environment variables:
   - `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Your Telegram bot token from BotFather.
   - `DOMA_RPC_URL`: The RPC URL for the Doma Protocol blockchain.
5. Railway will run `npm install` and then `npm start` to keep the bot running continuously.

The bot will be accessible 24/7 without manual intervention.

## Usage

1. Start a chat with your bot on Telegram by searching for your bot's username.
2. Use `/start` to receive a welcome message introducing the bot, its purpose, and a link to learn more about Doma Protocol.
3. Use `/help` to see a list of all available commands along with brief descriptions.
4. Subscribe to a domain by typing `/subscribe example.dom`. Replace `example.dom` with the domain you want to monitor.
5. Check your current subscriptions with `/list`. This will display all domains you are subscribed to.
6. Get the bot's current status and RPC connection info by using `/status`.
7. Unsubscribe from a domain with `/unsubscribe example.dom` to stop receiving alerts for that domain.

## Commands

- `/start` - Sends a welcome message introducing the bot, its purpose, and a link to learn more about Doma Protocol.
- `/help` - Displays a help menu listing all available commands and their usage.
- `/subscribe <domain>` - Adds the specified domain to your subscription list to receive alerts.
- `/unsubscribe <domain>` - Removes the specified domain from your subscription list.
- `/list` - Shows all domains you are currently subscribed to.
- `/status` - Provides the bot's health status, including RPC chain ID and number of active subscriptions.
- `/simulate [domain]` - Simulates fake domain events for testing (default: test.dom).

## Environment Variables

The bot requires the following environment variables to be set in a `.env` file at the root of the `bot` directory:

- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Your Telegram bot token obtained from BotFather.
- `DOMA_RPC_URL`: The RPC URL endpoint for connecting to the Doma Protocol blockchain.
- `TEST_CHAT_ID` (optional): A Telegram chat ID used for testing block notifications.

## Subscription Storage

User subscriptions are stored in a JSON file (`subscriptions.json`) located in the `bot` directory. This file keeps track of which users are subscribed to which domains. The bot reads from and writes to this file to manage subscriptions.

## Event Listening and Notifications

The bot listens to on-chain events from the Doma Protocol smart contracts, specifically:

- `DomainRegistered`
- `DomainExpired`
- `DomainTransferred`

When one of these events occurs, the bot sends a Telegram alert message to all users subscribed to the affected domain. Each alert includes:
- Event details (domain, owner, transaction hash, etc.)
- A clickable link to view the transaction on the Doma Explorer
- Clickable links to view the domain on the Doma Marketplace (both full URL and shortened domain)

The `/simulate` command can be used to test the alert format with fake events.

## Development and Contribution

To contribute to the project:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear messages.
4. Push your branch and open a Pull Request.

Please ensure your code follows the existing style and includes appropriate documentation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
